Update doc strings (#307)
zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Included support for `AUTH_TYPE_CERT_PEM` and `AUTH_TYPE_NONE` in `session` [#291] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/291) and [#296] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/296)

> - Updated all functions descriptions to be consitent [#279] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/279)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated doc strings for all functions to be consistent [#279] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-client-python-sdk/issues/279)
```
